Adding SIG-Windows Spotlight blog post with images. (#22179)
kubernetes/website: content/en/blog/_posts/2020-06-30-SIG-Windows-Spotlight/index.md

***
_"When looking at Windows support in Kubernetes," says SIG (Special Interest Group) Co-chair Mark Rossetti, "many start drawing comparisons to Linux containers. Although some of the comparisons that highlight limitations are fair, it is important to distinguish between operational limitations and differences between the Windows and Linux operating systems. Windows containers run the Windows operating system and Linux containers run Linux."_
***

In essence, any "container" is simply a process being run on its host operating system, with some key tooling in place to isolate that process and its dependencies from the rest of the environment. The goal is to make that running process safely isolated, while taking up minimal resources from the system to perform that isolation. On Linux, the tooling used to isolate processes to create "containers" commonly boils down to cgroups and namespaces (among a few others), which are themselves tools built in to the Linux Kernel.

> <img alt="If dogs were processes: containerization would be like giving each dog their own resources like toys and food using cgroups, and isolating troublesome dogs using namespaces" width="40%" src="cgroupsNamespacesComboPic.png">

Reviewer: nit: This alt attribute does not make sense as it repeats the same text as the following heading.

Author: Updated to describe the image more generally.

Reviewer 2: Use control plane :+1:

#### _If dogs were processes: containerization would be like giving each dog their own resources like toys and food using cgroups, and isolating troublesome dogs using namespaces._

Native Windows processes are processes that are or must be run on a Windows operating system. This makes them fundamentally different from a process running on a Linux operating system. Since Linux containers are Linux processes being isolated by the Linux kernel tools known as cgroups and namespaces, containerizing native Windows processes meant implementing similar isolation tools within the Windows kernel itself. Thus, "Windows Containers" and "Linux Containers" are fundamentally different technologies, even though they have the same goals (isolating processes) and in some ways work similarly (using kernel level containerization).

So when it comes to running containers on Windows, there are actually two very important concepts to consider:

* Native Windows processes running as native Windows Server style containers,
* and traditional Linux containers running on a Linux Kernel, generally hosted on a lightweight Hyper-V Virtual Machine.

> You can learn more about Linux and Windows containers in [this blog from Microsoft](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/virtualization/windowscontainers/deploy-containers/linux-containers).

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
You can learn more about Linux and Windows containers in this [tutorial](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/virtualization/windowscontainers/deploy-containers/linux-containers) from Microsoft.
```

It's not a blog article, it's a tutorial.

### Kubernetes on Windows

Kubernetes was initially designed with Linux containers in mind and was itself designed to run on Linux systems. Because of that, much of the functionality of Kubernetes involves uniquely Linux functionality. The Linux-specific work is intentional--we all want Kubernetes to run optimally on Linux--but there is a growing demand for similar optimization for Windows servers. That way, when users need container orchestration on Windows, the Kubernetes contributor community has incorporated Windows-specific use cases.

***

> _"A common question we get is, will I be able to have a Windows-only cluster. The answer is NO. Kubernetes master components will continue to be based on Linux, while SIG-Windows is concentrating on the experience of having Windows worker nodes in a Kubernetes cluster."_

Reviewer: Is it feasible to reword to:
```suggestion
_"A common question we get is, will I be able to have a Windows-only cluster. The answer is NO. Kubernetes control plane components will continue to be based on Linux, while SIG-Windows is concentrating on the experience of having Windows worker nodes in a Kubernetes cluster."_
```
?

Author: Thanks for catching that! Will update.

***

> Rather than separating out the concepts of "Windows Kubernetes," and "Linux Kubernetes," the community of SIG-Windows works toward adding functionality to the main Kubernetes project which allows it to handle use cases for Windows. These Windows capabilities mirror, and in some cases add unique functionality to, the Linux use cases Kubernetes has served since its release in 2014 (want to learn more history? Scroll through [this original design document](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/blob/e2b948dbfbba62b8cb681189377157deee93bb43/DESIGN.md).

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
Rather than separating out the concepts of "Windows Kubernetes," and "Linux Kubernetes," the community of SIG-Windows works toward adding functionality to the main Kubernetes project which allows it to handle use cases for Windows. These Windows capabilities mirror, and in some cases add unique functionality to, the Linux use cases Kubernetes has served since its release in 2014 (want to learn more history? Scroll through this [original design document](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/blob/e2b948dbfbba62b8cb681189377157deee93bb43/DESIGN.md).
```

The co-chairs also shared a glimpse into what the path looks like to becoming a member of the SIG-Windows community:

"We encourage new contributors to initially just join our community and listen, then start asking some questions and get educated on Windows in Kubernetes. As they feel comfortable, they could graduate to improving our documentation, file some bugs/issues, and eventually they can be a code contributor by fixing some bugs. If they have long-term and sustained substantial contributions to Windows, they could become a technical lead or a chair of SIG-Windows. You know if you love this area unless you get started :) To get started, visit this getting-started page. It's a one stop shop with links to everything related to SIG-Windows in Kubernetes."

When asked if there were any useful skills for new contributors, the co-chairs said,

"We are always looking for expertise in Go and Networking and Storage, along with a passion for Windows. Those are huge skills to have. However, we don’t require such skills, and we welcome any and all contributors, with varying skill sets. If you don’t know something, we will help you acquire them."

> You can get in touch with the folks at SIG-Windows in their [Slack channel](https://kubernetes.slack.com/archives/C0SJ4AFB7) or attend one of their regular meetings - currently 30min long on Tuesdays at 12:30PM EST! You can find links to their regular meetings as well as past meeting notes and recordings on [their github here](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/tree/master/sig-windows).

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
You can get in touch with the folks at SIG-Windows in their [Slack channel](https://kubernetes.slack.com/archives/C0SJ4AFB7) or attend one of their regular meetings - currently 30min long on Tuesdays at 12:30PM EST! You can find links to their regular meetings as well as past meeting notes and recordings from the [SIG-Windows README](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/tree/master/sig-windows#readme) on GitHub.
```

<img alt="Image of a computer with Kubernetes logo" width="30%" src="KubernetesComputer_transparent.png">

> Most people who are familiar with Kubernetes are probably used to associating it with Linux. The connection makes sense, since Kubernetes ran on Linux from its very beginning. However, many teams and organizations working on adopting Kubernetes need the ability to orchestrate containers on Windows. Since the release of Docker and rise to popularity of containers, there have been efforts both from the communit and from Microsoft itself to make container technology as accessible in Windows systems as it is in Linux systems.

Reviewer 3: community is mispelled.. missing "y" at the end
